== Welcome to Rails Association Hell

I created a rails application for a class assignment. The specifications for the assignment are listed below. 

The application name is store_apps. Upon creating the application, I used the following command "rails generate scaffold RailsApplication name:string" This appears to have caused the problem. The table created "rails_applications" caused a large source of confusion, but appears to have been resolved by the app builder. Unfortunately, I've yet been able to successfully get my associated models properly working in console. This otherwise (I believe) should be a working app, which provides an interface to build children objects into the parent object. The code is included in the views and in the rails_applications_controller.rb file. 

The challenge is to get the associations working. I can't figure out why I can't call the following arrays in console - RailsApplication.Creators, RailsApplication.Models, and RailsApplication.Controllers. If I could get that working. I believe my application would work. 

I suspect my difficulties may stem from the funny syntax used when I created my the RailsApplication Model. This may affect it in two ways - 1) How I call it in console and 2) How I call the RailsApplication_id to all the models which have a belongs_to association. 

Anyone have ideas on how to make my application associations get working? I've spent a good deal of time trying to debug the associations without luck. 

rails application which creates and stores Rails applications.

models
-RailsApplication
-Model
-Controller
-Creator
(each of the above has a 'name')

RailsApplication
  -has many Models
  -has many Controllers
  -has one Creator

build a form  at RailsApplications#new which accepts names for and creates objects for 
-one Rails Application, with
-2 controllers
-2 models
-1 creator

